on basic projects we might encounter some limitations, some of them are:
1. we will need to micromanage all the imports or lots of unnecessary Http Request
    that will become a massive problem the bigger the project gets.
2. the code is unoptimized/it's not as small as it could be, the smaller the size file 
    the faster it will load
3. potentially sub-optimal browser support, some feature in a browser might be a problem 
    in another browser
4. need to reload page manually after we make changes to the code
5. code quality is not checked


and you can solve these limitations with the help of tools so your development flow will be 
faster and better

some tool that can be useful and why to use them:
1. development server => serve under more realistic circumstances, auto-reload.
    example : webpack-dev-server or serve(standalone tool)
2. bundling tool => combine multiple files into bundled code (less files), it analyzes all of
                    our imports and exports which we have when we use modules then it combines
                    these different files into a single bundled file so you dont have a bunch
                    of http Request that needed to be sent if you use regular module method
                    so it goes like this
                    [1] you use modular method (splitting code, better experience on development),
                    then [2] before the code gets uploaded the code that got split on multiple files
                    will be merged back into a single file so you'll have less http request
    example : webpack
3. code optimization tool => optimize code, what that means is the tool will shorten the function names,
                             removes whitespaces, etc. in order to minimize the size of the file.
    example : webpack optimizer plugins
4. code compilation/transpilation tool => write modern code and shop code that also works on older browsers,
                                          tool which takes your code and transpiles it to code that also
                                          works on older browser
    example : babel
5. code quality checker => check code quality and patterns on your usual/preffered way of writing code
    example : ESLint

